feat: add styleOptions.stylesRoot prop (#137)
compulim/react-scroll-to-bottom: README.md

| `initialScrollBehavior`   | `string`   | `smooth`                     | Set the initial scroll behavior, either `"auto"` (discrete scrolling) or `"smooth"`                                            |
| `mode`                    | `string`   | `"bottom"`                   | Set it to `"bottom"` for scroll-to-bottom, `"top"` for scroll-to-top                                                           |
| `nonce`                   | `string`   |                              | Set the nonce for [Content Security Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy) |
| `scroller`                | `function` | `() => Infinity`             | A function to determine how far should scroll when scroll is needed                                                            |
| `scrollViewClassName`     | `string`   |                              | Set the class name for the container element that house all `props.children`                                                   |

> | `styleOptions.stylesRoot` | `Node`     | `undefined`                  | Set the container node for component styles to be placed into. When set to `undefined`, will create a new container |

Author: ```suggestion
| `styleOptions.stylesRoot` | `Node`     | `undefined`                  | Set the container node for component styles to be placed into. When set to `undefined`, will use `document.head` |
```
